docs: fixed broken links in docs (#141)
open-feature/js-sdk-contrib: libs/hooks/README.md

# OpenFeature JavaScript Hooks

> Hooks are a mechanism whereby application developers can add arbitrary behavior to flag evaluation. They operate similarly to middleware in many web frameworks. Please see the [spec](https://github.com/open-feature/spec/blob/main/specification/sections/04-hooks.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks are a mechanism whereby application developers can add arbitrary behavior to flag evaluation. They operate similarly to middleware in many web frameworks. Please see the [spec](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/specification/sections/hooks) for more details.
```
